---
slug: d2-deck
title: "D2"
author: Drew Madsen
date: 2025-11-26
---

## The Competitor

[[[D2 (V1)]]]


## Writeup (text summary by dondo)

Mentioned on StackedCard #20 @31:37.  This deck won an AC online title.
This is not a deck Drew would always run with D2, but it worked this this
match - which was known ahead of time to be against Chibi.

The main goal is to play hammers and smashes.  The Gimmick is one of Drew's
favorites, a 2 part Gimmick:

  - Draw 2 cards
  - recur cards

To card choices:

- Spotlight [[Test Your Might]] is really good.  This makes a great counter to,
for example, [[Colossal Smash]].  This enables you to run strong Submissions.
In this particular matchup, [[Sweet Nightmare (V1)]] was better.

- Run [[Thud!]] instead of [[Face Melter]], since a lot can go wrong with
unstoppable cards if teched against the unstoppable.

- Grapple is protected, so run [[Psychocidal]] is a fine choice.

- [[Pretty Paul Says, "Let It Rip!"]] is a good entrance, but in this particular
setup, Drew ran [[Never Give Up With Tia Lupita]] because he knew he'd be
facing up against [[Seat of Power]].

- [[Cosmic Smash]], [[Unamerican Elbow Smash]], [[Gathering the Sledgehammer]], [[Blindside Smash]], [[Fire Hammer Slam]], [[Hammering Tackle]] for the keyword
- [[Pineapple for Sheep]], [[Elbow Shot]], [[American Dragon Drop]] because they are good.
- [[Lockjaw]] because Drew anticipated (correctly) a [[Kabuki]] - with strategy to let it hit and draw from the bottom something you previously pass and buried.
- [[Snap Kick]] would have been [[Cosmic Collection]] if it were immediately available.
- [[Sidewind Wonder-Plex]] - did not want a full [[Rejected!]], and Drew anticipated he had more draw from the bottom.
- [[Big Body Block]] in case Chibi was running [[Apocalypse]].
- [[Elbow Shot]] because it's good
- [[Once More, With Feeling!]] to ideally get Grapple Finish back.
- [[Spit Fire Chariot]] - #9 is catch all card for D2.  In a normal bracket this might be [[Feeding Off the Crowd]].
- [[Double Throw]] is a good searcher
- [[Banhammer Block]] - recurrable hammer #13 is amazing
- [[Spinning Hammer Hold]] - recurrable #15 is amazing
- [[Flying Coast to Coast]] - he was Agility 6 and D2 is Agility 5
- [[Turn the Tension into Power]] is comboing off [[Reverse the Pressure]] being in play for bonus on Finish roll
- [[Jackhammer]] - recurrable hell yeah
- [[Pin to the Wall]] is better than [[Set Up the Sledgehammer]] in this match and is pretty good for D2 in this matchup.
- [[Sky High Choke]] was risky but almost paid off.

## Decklist

```deck
D2 (V1)
Test Your Might
Thud!
Psychocidal
Cosmic Smash
Pineapple for Sheep
Lockjaw
Snap Kick
Sidewind Wonder-Plex
Big Body Block
Once More, With Feeling!
Spit Fire Chariot
Unamerican Elbow Smash
Double Throw
Gathering the Sledgehammer
Banhammer Block
Wave-Breaking Kendo Stick
Spinning Hammer Hold
Flying Coast to Coast
American Dragon Drop
Turn the Tension into Power
Blindside Smash
Fire Hammer Slam
Reverse the Pressure
Thunderous Dropkick
Jackhammer
Pin to the Wall
Hammering Tackle
It's Not the Size of the Dog in the Fight
Sky-High Choke
